Privacy Policy
GameNot built the Mine Mob Clicker Rpg app as a Free app. This app is provided by GameNot at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my app.

Information Collection and Use
I do not collect any personal data about the players. But as the application was created with Unity and is using some third-party services to work, it can automatically collect some data about the user. I advise you to familiarize yourself with the policies of the services I use so that you can understand exactly what data can be collected by the application and learn about the ways it might be used:
-Appodeal: https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/
-Google Play Services, Admob: https://policies.google.com/privacy

Used permissions
Application is asking for permissions to have unlimited Internet access and view network connections to download and show advertisements to users (that makes my application free), it can also be used to send anonymous statistics about the gameplay to the Unity servers.
The app permission to read and write data on the device storage is used ONLY to read/write game save files. All other permissions are being used to improve your game experience, including the display of more relevant ads.

Saving Game progress
All the progress you have achieved in the application is stored locally on your device. This data will be permanently erased from your device as soon as you uninstall the application.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you periodically review this page for any changes. I will inform you of any changes by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes take effect immediately after they are published on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at holds339@gmail.com.

Last modified - December 07, 2019
